== Title ==

MR Image Intensity Bias Field Correction

== Description ==

This program corrects intensity inhomogeneity artifacts in MR images using a bias field estimated via entropy minimization.

== Syntax ==

: <tt>[options] InputImage OutputImage </tt>

where

; <tt>InputImage</tt> : Input image path

; <tt>OutputImage</tt> : Output image path

== List of Supported Options ==

; <tt>-v</tt> / <tt>--verbose</tt> : Be verbose

; <tt>-F</tt> / <tt>--write-float</tt> : Write output image with floating point pixel data. If this is not given, the input data type is used.

=== Bias Field Parameterization ===

; <tt>-A</tt> / <tt>--degree-add</tt> : Polynomial degree for additive correction. '''[Default value: 0]'''

; <tt>-M</tt> / <tt>--degree-mul</tt> : Polynomial degree for multiplicative correction. '''[Default value: 2]'''

; <tt>-I</tt> / <tt>--incremental</tt> : Incrementally increase polynomial degrees.

=== Input Image Preprocessing ===

; <tt>-m</tt> / <tt>--mask</tt> : Binary mask image filename. '''[Default value: NONE]'''

; <tt>-t</tt> / <tt>--thresh-min</tt> : Minimum intensity threshold for image foreground. '''[Default: disabled]'''

; <tt>-T</tt> / <tt>--thresh-max</tt> : Minimum intensity threshold for image foreground. '''[Default: disabled]'''

=== Entropy Estimation Settings ===

; <tt>-L</tt> / <tt>--log-intensities</tt> : Use log intensities for entropy estimation.

; <tt>-s</tt> / <tt>--sampling-density</tt> : Image sampling density to use only subset of image pixels '''[Default: disabled]'''

; <tt>-n</tt> / <tt>--num-bins</tt> : Number of histogram bins for entropy estimation '''[Default value: 256]'''

=== Optimization Algorithm Settings ===

; <tt>--step-max</tt> : Maximum (initial) search step size. '''[Default value: 1]'''

; <tt>--step-min</tt> : Minimum (final) search step size. '''[Default value: 0.1]'''

=== Import and Output of Bias Fields ===

; <tt>--import-bias-add</tt> : Import additive bias field (disables optimization). '''[Default value: NONE]'''

; <tt>--import-bias-mul</tt> : Import multiplicative bias field (disables optimization). '''[Default value: NONE]'''

; <tt>--write-bias-add</tt> : File name for output of additive bias field. '''[Default value: NONE]'''

; <tt>--write-bias-mul</tt> : File name for output of multiplicative bias field. '''[Default value: NONE]'''


